I consider myself a very curious person, and this curiosity has enhanced an essential skill, which is communication, because through communication I've been able to untangle what intrigues me. With a genuine interest in untangling society’s behavior, I focused my career on being around people, applying a mix of creativity and problem-solving to nurture meaningful and prosperous relationships with them. Over the past three years, I've achieved challenging goals in building and growing online communities through social media channels. So, if I am here to describe what moves me, I have to mention my enthusiasm for the power of communication in engaging people to achieve common goals - and, hopefully, improve society. 

I've been immersed in tech companies since 2019 and working with SaaS platforms for the last few years. It amazes me how flourishing and opportunity-rich the software industry is. Its fast-paced and mind-challenging environment kept me excited about crossing my comfort zone and start communicating not only with words and images but also with code. As an avid learner, I recently ventured into a new chapter of my life by transitioning my career into software development. I am now gathering solid programming skills to be able to play a meaningful role in the gender-equity movement inside the tech industry. Can’t wait to translate clients’ needs into customized exciting tech solutions!

Aside from work life, I like to spend time on activities that take me where I might not expect to go. That’s what happens when I’m photographing, studying history - and more recently theology. Whenever possible, I like to go for a run moved by alternative-rock music.
